[docs] Move SwitchUnstyled docs to the Base space (#31964)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/base/components/switch/switch.md

---
product: base
title: React Switch component
components: SwitchUnstyled
githubLabel: 'component: switch'
waiAria: https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices/#switch
packageName: '@mui/base'
---

# Switch

> <p class="description">Switches toggle the state of a single setting on or off.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p class="description">The Switch component lets you toggle the state of a single setting on or off.</p>
```
To follow the pattern being established from Modal and Input!

> 

Reviewer: Should we add the features list?!

Reviewer 2: Not sure we should add it in all components. The Switch is a rather simple component, not sure it deserves a features list :)

Reviewer: Hm, yeah... it's a valid point. Though I confess I like the consistency of having in all of them, even in simpler ones like the Switch. I appreciate the [Radix team](https://www.radix-ui.com/docs/primitives/components/switch) for doing that, it's easy to scan through!

Reviewer 2: Well, from their list, I would expect all components to support those features of hey are input components :D

Reviewer 2: Let's revisit this for all components and make sure we at least don't miss it on the more complex ones.

> Switches are the preferred way to adjust settings on mobile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Switches can be used on either desktop or mobile but it has been the preferred way for toggling settings in the latter. 
```

> The option that the switch controls, as well as the state it's in, should be made clear from the corresponding inline label.

Reviewer: This is part is sounding a bit confusing to me. 🤔

Author: @danilo-leal I (hopefully) made it clearer. Does it look better for you now?

Reviewer: Oh yeah, much better! Thanks for tweaking this one up :)
